We've secured Professor Kou
Honda.
[Gasps] Could you repeat that,
Hiruma?
(Ichiro Hiruma) Professor Honda.
The man responsible for creating
Akari Hizamaru.
Ludicrous!
(Luke Snorresson) How can that
be? Professor Honda was reported
dead twenty years ago!
(Ichiro Hiruma) I just talked to
him on the phone myself.
He seemed fine to me.
[Gulping]
That's rather
fortuitous news.
(Chinese Leader) His
extraordinary talent and
research aren't lost to humanity
after all.
We must invite him to U-NASA
posthaste. We can work with him
together toward our shared goal.
With his knowledge we stand a
chance of finding a cure for
the virus!
No.
[Gulps]
(Hiruma) Japan's technological
infrastructure is more than
adequate to make proper use of
Professor Honda's research.
For results, of course, that
benefit the entire human race.
(Chinese Leader) But wait!
You haven't always...
Trust me!
[Grunts]
(Narrator) Meanwhile on Mars,
Shokichi Komachi has met his
match as Squad Four's covert
operation takes its toll.
(Narrator) Captain Komachi's
only hope is Squad Three,
Squad Four's former partner
and ally.
(Narrator) All eyes are now on
Liu and Asimov.
(Narrator) As the struggle
between the two Squad leaders
erupts into an all-out battle of
wills.
[Screams]
[Groans]
[Grunts]
(Liu) You've made a fatal
mistake in assuming we are all
just helpless engineers without
our weapons.
(Liu) What's the matter?
Out of rousing speeches?
[Grunts]
It seems you've lost a few men.
Bao and Borgijin, now that we're
in control, take Hong into Annex
One.
(Bao) Yes, General Liu.
(Borgijin) Let's go.
Ah, okay. Wait for me, Borgijin.
If an alliance isn't to your
liking, perhaps neutrality's
more your speed?
Stay neutral? You must be
joking. But you've got a
terrible sense of humor.
(President Smiles) I saw the
hieroglyphs from the Martian
pyramid.
(President Smiles) We are by no
means in a position to
criticize.
(President Smiles) But it
appears the Chinese Squad has
taken its own goals to the
extreme.
They seem confident in their
ability to take on every other
Squad, I'll give them that much.
Tell me this, Asimov, how was
your mission in the pyramid?
Good news, we found what we
wanted.
Excellent. For the moment,
Russia now has the upper hand.
(President Smiles) Japan has a
powerful card in its deck, but
that just means we need to
reconsider our alliances .
(President Smiles) For now, we
stick to the plan.
Understood.
(Sylvester) We'll do everything
we can to help create a vaccine
for Earth.
So that's the famous Fa jin
strike I've heard so much about.
That was an unprecedented first,
I must say.
(Sylvester) My insides are still
vibrating.
I would go so far as to say I
can still feel its effects.
Yet I can't help but wonder.
Does it really take a person
decades to learn that one
powerful move?
That doesn't seem like a wise
use of time. After all, a
measly poke won't win a fight!
Huh?
[Grunts]
[Groans]
(Liu) Incredible! He took a
solid punch to his internal
organs and he's able to stage an
attack!
[Grunts]
Now I've got you.
And I won't let you go. You'll
die slowly from this poison.
I don't think so. [Grunts]
Your tentacle grip on my arms is
useless. And now I'm going to
crush your torso into slop.
(Sylvester) Let's see you
regenerate after that!
[Screams]
(Liu) Damn this Crab bastard!
(Liu) The best he can hope for
here is that we both die. Give
it up! You're a soldier after
all.
Watch out!
He'll be fine, Ivan. Don't
forget your assignment.
They should've ambushed him,
there's no stopping him now.
(Aaron) If you insist on going
to help him...
(Aaron) You'll have to kill the
two of us first.
Idiots.
(Jet) Do these two fools have a
death wish? Or are they waiting
for something?
[Gasps]
Hey! Quit showing off those
nasty tentacles, octopus-man!
While you're at it, cut it with
the poison and let my boss go.
(Alexander) Nobody else gets to
use their powers either,
understood?
For incentive, if you try
anything, I'll light you up with
this missile I found.
(Alexander) Imagine my luck.
(Alexander) Coming across this
surface to surface missile and
launcher conveniently loaded
inside your exploratory vehicle.
(Alexander) I'm impressed you
fit all this in the tiny
cargo hold of the Annex.
(Alexander) But now I understand
the core of your plan.
(Alexander) It's not this
missile or any other weapon.
It's that radio tower.
(Alexander) Mr. Super Antenna
over there is what's causing
the communications disruption.
(Alexander) What happens if he
goes down?
(Alexander) If we call Earth and
tell them all the nasty things
you've been up to,
(Alexander) your bosses will
disavow you so fast your head
will spin.
(Alexander) "This was all their
idea, not ours." That's what
they'll say.
Now I'm sure you don't want to
die. I mean, you must have
families waiting for you back
home.
[Sighs]
Hah.
General Liu turned off his
poison. In good faith, I'll take
off my mask and won't use my
power.
Keep talking and we'll listen.
Since you've been blabbing on
like that, you must want to
negotiate, am I right?
Well, if you insist.
We cooperated with you for Plan
Delta. Now we want exclusive
rights to the Annex lab to
develop an anti-viral cure.
Here's the deal! We do have some
decency, you know!
Agree to work for us, and give
up on stealing Officer Davis and
the other Akari guy.
(Alexander) I won't blow the
tower into pieces.
And we'll all come up with a
clever story to tell Earth.
Sounds like a pretty fair deal
to me.
Huh?
(Alexander) Halt!
(Alexander) What are you doing?
Sorry, sweetheart, but your
little honey trap isn't going to
work.
[Gasps]
[Screams]
[Grunts]
Shall we resume our dance? Or is
the poison too much for you?
You don't look
so well, yourself.
(Sylvester) Poison doesn't just
weaken its target.
You're going to wish you hadn't
interrupted our plan. Xi, kill
him!
I shall!
[Grunts]
Heh!
Uh!
[Groans]
What's happening?
It's dark. The sky was bright
just a second ago!
Jo-ji! Jo-ji! Jo-ji!
Now they come back?
Was this their strategy?
[Terraformars Buzzing]
They're too damn loud!
That's not just buzzing. I think
we're hearing laughter!
What Aaron?
They're laughing at us.
(Aaron) They're watching humans
kill humans. They're laughing at
our own self destruction!
Shut the hell up!
[Terraformars Buzzing]
They're not attacking at once?
Huh?
Michelle, look!
(Michelle) They're heading for
the Annex facility!
The captain, and the others.
(Akari) What do we do?
Jo!
(Akari) It's like they're
patrolling the area.
Does this mean their chain of
command is back online?
We rendezvous with Squad Six.
Just as we had originally
planned.
Roger!
They must have a leader. Where
is it?
Is that him?
Jo-jo.
Is that, a dragonfly?
A what now?
It has to be. It has dragonfly
wings on its back.
The demon dragonfly.
(Sergei) That's not good.
It's fast. But one of us has
that speed.
The truck!
It's a beast.
Enough!
[Grunts]
Huh?
Aaron!
[Grunts]
Aaron! Aaron!
Bizarre! They took the bodies!
Jo-jo!
Jo-ji!
Jo!
Their young?
I expected them to have
offspring, but why aren't any
adults fighting?
Their old leader was very
competent. But a strong leader
caused the rest of the horde to
be too dependent.
That's why they weren't ready to
attack us until now.
(Sylvester) And somehow their
colony recovered in a mere week?
It's incredible!
Jo-joji!
Ju-juji!
Jo-ji jo-ji!
Je-jo-je! Je-jo-je! Je-jo-je!
[Grunt/Gasp]
[Heavy Breathing]
Now, Xi. Get inside and tell
Hong to hurry.
Uh, don't come inside while I
change, kay?
Fine, just hurry it up.
Seriously, I need privacy, do
you understand? Uh.
We need to go find enough
vaccine for everyone.
(Bao) Yes. The silence is
disconcerting. Something strange
is happening outside.
They're too fast!
[Grunts/Screams]
Damn you!
[Screaming]
No! What do we do?
Why you!
(Alexander) He's weak from the
poison, and he's regenerated
only  one arm!
Jo-ji!
Jo! Jo jo jo! Jo jo jo!
They're not all attacking at
once! What's going on?
That dragonfly's working on
splitting us apart. It's a
clever technique.
It's toying with us!
(Alexander) No! It's not playing
any games. Just the opposite.
Jo!
(Alexander) This is part of
their training!
[Grunts]
[Screams]
Jo! Jo! Jo! Jo! Jo!
[Grunts]
Get lost!
Die! [Grunting]
Jo-jo!
Think I'm just a training tool,
huh?
They're smart. They're not just
relying on their leader now.
They all want to learn how to
kill us!
Jo!
[Screams]
Nina!
[Grunts]
Jio!
[Growls]
Jo! Jo-jo!
[Grunts]
Oh no!
Jo!
Ah!
Eh!
Don't stop moving, slice em
Sanjo!
This is your chance!
Hmph!
[Grunts]
Do it!
I hear you!
This is my job: Keep the wounded
safe, and if possible protect
myself from the enemy's attacks.
Jo!
Sir, don't breath. Please.
Dragonflies instinctively pursue
beating wings. I knew it would
come after me.
Now, how do I lose him?
Jo! Jo!
That's what happens when your
teacher abandons you.
[Weakly] Jo! Jo! Jo!
[Weakly] Jo! Jo!
It looks like evolution has
taught the terraformars to
take risks.
(Jet) And to hedge against
that, they've figured out how to
train backup soldiers, like a
B-team.
Well, that might be the case.
But I get the sense that the
5000 or so full-grown bugs above
us aren't really interested in
us at all.
They want the Annex.
Joj!
Jo! Jo! Jo! Jo!
They're swarming!
[Painful] Jo! Jo!
Where are their survival
instincts?
It's crazy! None of them are
afraid to die!
[Painful Buzzing]
Ugh! This is totally gross!
Jo!
Ivan's poison has slowed him
down. But it won't last much
longer!
It's all or nothing now!
He's backing off?
Sir, this may be our only
chance. We can save ourselves!
If we stage our retreat right
now, then the rest of our squad
will stay alive.
(Ivan) We'll lose the Annex to
the cockroaches, but we won't
lose it to Squad Four.
[Exhales]
[Inhales]
jo! Jo.
What is that?
[Gasps]
(Sylvester) The Full Danger Zone
Rescue and Combat Suits! Why
would they need full "Man in the
Shell" armor?
As I told you, we came
prepared to battle humans.
(Liu) And we can win! Our
methods may be inhumane, but
you're never taking the Annex!
Everyone, retreat!
She's a bacteria-type!
[Tearful Breathing]
Just you wait. We'll develop
a vaccine, and I will bring it
home to you!
(Alexander) Gina...
(Alexander) I'll do anything to
protect my family!